Add `legacyContext` flag to allow use of legacy context. (#22)
digitalbazaar/data-integrity: README.md

}
```

> Note: If you wish to utilize the legacy data integrity context (
> https://w3id.org/security/data-integrity/v1), you can set the `legacyContext`
> flag to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: To create or verify proofs using legacy draft data integrity suites, you
must pass `legacyContext: true` when creating a `DataIntegrityProof` instance;
this will cause the appropriate legacy data integrity context (
https://w3id.org/security/data-integrity/v1) to be used.
```
